- Hello, everybody.
Hello, Michael.
- Hello.
- Welcome to Python Bytes.
But we'll start in a second.
- You're gonna get confused.
This is gonna get tricky.
- It is gonna get tricky, so that's all right.
Thanks for joining us.
It's a different date because of stuff,
but yeah, anyway, let's kick it off.
You ready?
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes,
where we deliver Python news and headlines
directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 345 recorded July 26th.
Is that right?
July 26th, 2023.
I am Brian Okken.
- And I'm Michael Kennedy.
- And you know, 345 episodes,
you'd think I wouldn't have to read that,
but I still do, 'cause I'm messing up.
Anyway, a lot of fun topics today.
We, our sponsors today are us,
courses at Talk Python Training.
We'll talk about those and the new Python People podcast
and our Patreon supporters, of course.
Thank you everybody for continuing to support us.
And everybody that's listening to this,
usually, so this is a Wednesday morning,
but usually it's Tuesday at 11 Pacific
is when we're recording.
And if you are around at that time,
we'd love to have you join the show.
Just go to pythonbytes.fm/live
and you can see when the next episode
is gonna get recorded.
So yeah, Brian, I usually try to, I'm not always successful.
Also sometimes I just don't know.
I usually try to schedule the next live stream soon as we're done with this one.
Yeah.
So if you go to YouTube, you can click notify me for just that event.
If you want to come to the next week's one or something.
So that's kind of the best way to know when the next live stream is.
Yeah.
Um, and I appreciate people that show up and add comments.
It's nice.
So Michael, why don't you kick us off with the first topic?
- Yes, indeed.
This is a very, very exciting one.
So the next topic, the first topic,
is the third version of Cython, not CPython.
I didn't drop a P on accident, Cython.
Many people know what Cython is,
but I suspect sufficiently many don't
that it justifies me saying what the heck it is.
So Cython, let's do a throwback, Brian.
This'll be fun.
You've done plenty of C.
Do you remember inline assembler
when like little sections of C code
had to be like really close to the metal
and so you would write like a little bit of assembly
inside of a C function or make a function in assembly
and call it something crazy like that.
We're talking like 90s.
- Yeah.
Python is kind of like that for Python.
If you've got some part of your code that's not fast enough,
well, one of the options is to do what a lot of people
are doing is go like, well, I'm going to go learn Rust,
and I'm going to write this section in Rust,
and then I'm going to import it into Python.
And there are certainly tools for doing so.
But what if you could write Python and make it as fast as C,
almost?
And that's what Cython is.
And it's kind of like this inline bit,
like this function or this module,
I need to be in closer to C speed, farther from Python speed,
especially in the math type of scenario.
So that's what Cython is.
It lets you write Python code that gets compiled to C
and use very, very slight variations in the Python syntax.
It used to be way different.
you have to have your own types, and they were imported from Cython.
So instead of having a traditional PyObject-derived integer type,
you would actually have a Cython int, which was like a local int,
and you would express that in different ways.
And they've been moving towards what they call pure Python mode,
where the code that you write for Cython
is actually still valid Python
if you wanted to just run it that way.
And that's pretty cool, right?
- Yeah.
- That involves things like type in.
So if you wanna say, oh, here's a thing that's an int,
instead of importing some specialized int type from Cython,
you would just say X colon int, and guess what?
That's how it works in modern Python.
So the news for this week is that Cython goes 3.0,
And this news comes to us from, let's see.
Oh no, I ran across this with other ones sent over.
They're both new releases with lots of details, so sorry.
Yeah, so anyway, this one, the headline here is
that this is long in development.
That's in like five years it's been working on this.
And so it sheds legacy Python support.
That is Python 2.
Look, see that legacy Python people are starting
to adopt our term.
I don't know if we have anything to do with it,
but we should have tried to popularize
that view of Python too, didn't we?
- Yep.
- And it has a lot of boost for this pure Python mode
that I talked about.
So you might say, okay, well, that's interesting
that you have this pure Python mode,
but why would I really care?
Because if the goal is to make it faster,
I don't wanna run it in pure Python,
I wanna run it in Cython.
So compile it to C and then behind the scenes
as part of your building of the wheel and all that.
The reason you might wanna do that is
what if you care about mypy or you care about rough
or you care about black or all these other tools
that are Python tooling to understand the Python code
or even PyCharm or VS Code, right?
You want it to look at that and be able to lint it
and format it and understand it, right?
So the pure Python mode allows you to do things
like keep your linting tools, right?
So.
- Yeah, and also just,
there's been discussions basically that
if we had type hints when Cython started,
they probably would have used them to start with
instead of their own thing.
- Yeah, yeah, they had no alternative.
So they came up with something.
It's just interesting that it kind of came,
I mean, I guess it compiles to C.
So it makes sense that it had like a really strong C flavor
in the way that you wrote it.
Yeah, so what else is notable here?
Said there's major NumPy support improvements.
So Cython's worked well with NumPy,
but now with Cython 3,
it gives you the ability to write NumPy Ufuncs.
I don't do enough NumPy to know why I care about Ufuncs,
but you can write them directly in Cython.
So my understanding is basically that
instead of going through the Python API
and layer to work with NumPy,
it drops down to the C layer.
And so it's like C to C interoperability
when you're doing NumPy within Cython.
That's pretty cool.
Another thing that's not mentioned in this article
that I'm linking to on InfoWorld,
that's really cool about NumPy,
about Cython is you can remove the gil.
You can go no gil.
There's a context manager that's just called no gil.
So I can say like, with this section,
I'm gonna do a bunch of code and I don't want to,
I wanna release the GIL for other parallel processing stuff.
So if multiple bits of code call that into that function
and they're being done within threads,
they can run truly in parallel on hardware,
like right on the cores, right?
True OS thread parallelism, which is pretty excellent.
Now, the limitation there is that you can't be working
with directly with the Python API, right?
Like say list or something,
'cause those assume that they're thread safe
because of the GIL, right?
But if you're just doing like your own algorithm, right?
Then you can, which is pretty cool.
And yeah, that's pretty much it.
So well done folks on that.
It sounds like a ton of work, but yeah.
If you are interested in Cython, check this out.
- Cyril in the audience says Cython is great
for waiting for HPy output.
Nice.
- All right, well that's number one.
- Okay.
- Which is actually number three.
- Oh yeah, 'cause it's Cython three.
- Exactly.
- So I wanna talk about reading code.
And I kind of agree.
So this is an article by Eric Mathis
and he's the dude that wrote "Python Crash Course"
and it's on its third edition now.
It's a pretty good book.
Anyway, reading code, an important
but seldom discussed skill.
And I have to agree with that.
I've had many discussions in the past about code,
oh, standard coding standards within teams.
And I try to have them be lightweight.
It's better to just teach people how to read code.
And so this, it's, I'm mostly bringing this up
because I definitely agree that we need to talk
about it more, especially when teaching people
reading code and reading, like we often tell people
go out and read the source code
for some popular third party libraries or packages
or even the internal Python standards.
standard Python library, but, but it does take some skill to read code.
So anyway this,
he takes an example of a lottery example or something that doesn't really
matter, but there's a few techniques,
a couple of techniques that he lists that I really like. So there's a,
if you just look at code, you've got a whole bunch of comments,
you've got a whole bunch of stuff going on often.
And one of the things he says to start with is ignore the function
definitions, which is interesting because the function
definition is where the name of the function is,
but just sort of ignore that for now.
And he doesn't say this, but in his example,
he said, ignore all the comments.
I mean, he took out all the comments
in the function definition.
And just so that you can just see the code
and not everything else.
And I actually, I had a code base once where I had,
there were so many comments that I wrote a little script
that would strip the comments out
so that I could read the code better.
Anyway, you can mentally do it when you get used to doing this
and also IDEs help.
But that's a great way to just sort of simplify
what you're looking at so that you can mentally
see what's going on.
The second technique is to simplify repetitive blocks.
Like in the example we're showing,
there's a couple big print blocks.
And his example says, mentally, you can just
to blump this into print a message and that helps you.
And then there's really not that much code left
when you're looking at it.
And so that, he talks about trying to make sense of it.
I'm not gonna throw any,
I'm not gonna discuss really what I think of the quality
of the code he's showing, it's fine.
But, and then the last thing or one of the next to the last
is to talk about using an IDE.
And so I do this a lot with many IDs.
I think all of them now,
you can like just instead of hiding the function definition,
you can hide everything but the function definition
on a lot of functions.
And especially if you've got a whole bunch
of helper functions that are cluttering up your workspace,
or in weird places, you can just hide them
so that you can see.
So like in this example, we've got get winning ticket,
check ticket and make random ticket.
And then you kind of see a part of one of the functions,
but maybe I also want to see like one other function.
So especially if you're looking at two functions,
you can hide the rest of them.
It makes it nice.
- Yeah, it just goes under the term of code folding.
- Yeah, code folding, that's it.
- Yeah.
- But then off a great discussion of, think about this,
think about that people are going to read your code
and try to understand it.
So think about that when you're writing code.
So writing readable code.
One of the things he didn't bring up
that I wanna make sure about is,
so this technique of like hiding the function definition,
one of the things, one of the powerful things about this
is because we have mentally, when we're reading code,
at least when I am,
and I think this applies to a lot of people,
we believe the function name
and we believe the variable name
because somebody chose it.
But so therefore it really needs to be accurate.
It should be, it's hard to name functions and variables
but sometimes they drift.
Sometimes the, like it'll say like set name or something
but it does a whole bunch of other stuff.
So if it does a whole bunch of other stuff
you're gonna have to change the name of the function
because if the functions name is not accurate
people are gonna fold it up
and just assume that's what it does.
So I would say, I would add to this,
make sure your function and variable names are descriptive
and change them when the body of the function changes.
So. - Yeah.
It's interesting.
I just had Eric on Talk Python, which is not yet out.
So, you know, time travel, podcasts.
He was both there and is not there.
It's sort of a, and Heisen, Eric sort of thing
going on there.
So a couple of thoughts on this.
I think if-- it's kind of a big if,
and the comments are hinting towards this in the live stream
as well.
If the naming is super good, I kind of
prefer the second way, like collapse all the functions
and then expand them.
And you're like, that's not clear what this is doing.
Let me dive into that.
But print header, like, OK, well, we're
going to assume that prints the header and just go on.
or things like that, where it's pretty straightforward.
There's not a lot of, I wonder what the algorithm does there.
It's like, eh, not too much.
So then I like to kind of fold it down.
But I'm not sure that I would take away the function names.
I guess it would be like a unique IDE plug-in,
where you could say inline everything.
And even if there's repetition, just inline it, and just like--
and then work backwards as a way to understand.
Don't do that in the main branch,
but that'd be interesting to do.
But kind of in the reverse,
a lot of times what you'll end up with
is a function that's like super long and poorly structured
if you're trying to understand it.
If just reading the function name doesn't work,
it's usually 'cause it's a big glob of a mess, right?
Not always, but often.
And so the part where he says,
comment out this, instead of having all the steps
of like print the winning thing,
and here's like the seven things it does,
you just have a comment, print the winning thing.
What I like to do for that is, as I'm trying to understand it,
I'll grab that section and refactor to a function
and say, "Print the winner."
Grab the other part, refactor, print loser,
or something along those lines.
And it actually will start to have the same effect
as replacing with a comment, but you end up with running code
that is still understandable and consistent
as you play with it.
I'll go through something big and go, OK, this section,
this should be its own little thing with a name.
Hey, how about I make a function that has that name?
And the IDE, just a highlight, right-click,
Control-T or whatever, do it, and give it the name
that you were going to make the comment.
And that works a little bit better for me
because it doesn't destroy the running code in case you're
like, well, but now I need to run it
to see what this other part does.
>>Yeah.
Yeah, another thing that I was thinking of other tips.
When I so I learned to program mostly doing a lot of C code
and in there you've got to.
You've got to have if you're writing helper functions,
they need to go ahead above the normal.
The other function so that like because it's not declared
when it has to be visible to the function,
that's not true with Python and and so I've liked
to have the reverse.
So if I've like one of the suggestions I've heard
suggestions is to break out if you've got a bunch of helper functions and it's
confusing you to put them in another file. I don't actually like to do that
especially if it's only one file using it. I'd rather put it put them below the
the function that they're helping and especially if there's just a couple main
functions that are used in this module that are the that are used externally
but those I'd like to put those at the top and then all the helpers at the
bottom or something like that.
- Yeah.
- I used to have a coding style to do the reverse.
And I think it was inherited from C code style,
but Python's different.
And I don't necessarily, I guess,
I'm not sure what I feel about the hiding the function name,
but I guess maybe don't trust the function name.
- Yeah.
- Verify.
- Yeah, there's a couple of comments like that.
David Poole says, a quote I once read is,
"If the code and comments disagree, both are wrong."
It's kind of similar to the function names,
as well as given sufficient time,
the code and the comments, maybe function names as well,
will start to lie, which is interesting.
- I also see that people are more reluctant
to change somebody else's comment
than they are to change their code.
And I'm like, you gotta get over that.
If the comment's wrong, feel free to change it.
That's a perfectly fine refactoring.
So anyway, let's move to the next.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
I totally agree with you about putting the most,
sort of the organizing, coordinating,
high-level stuff first.
You know, maybe what would be in the dunder,
the if name, dunder name equals dunder main,
whatever that is, make that a function and put it at the top.
I totally agree that that's the way to go.
>> Yeah. Cool.
>> All right. Next, how about another release?
This time, something very small with lots of effort.
So this is the one that I was thinking
comes from Matt Trentini.
And let me pull it up
'cause it has some good stats in it.
It says, "After 10 months,
"a thousand mainline commits and over 100 contributors,
"we have a new version of MicroPython."
So thank you, Matt, for sending that in to us.
That's a pretty big release, 100 contributors.
And so the reason I brought that up
is that the GitHub announcement for the release
doesn't point out how big of a release this was,
like almost a year's worth of work.
So, MicroPython, the one that runs on embedded devices,
not phones, but incredibly small and cheap devices,
you know, like five, $10 chips.
- Yeah.
- It's awesome.
It's awesome that you can run Python there, right?
And so, MicroPython and CircuitPython are similar projects,
one forked from the other, I believe,
They've deviated a little bit, CircuitPython being more
beginner educational friendly, MicroPython being more
production device, creating devices to do actual jobs
type of friendly.
But I think they're working a lot together.
There's been a lot of merging back.
So that's pretty cool.
So this release of MicroPython introduces a lightweight
package manager called MIP.
Instead of PIP, you've got MIP.
It uses a custom protocol to query and install packages
that's optimized for embedded systems.
So that's pretty cool.
It's easier to get packages involved.
Like if you've done MicroPython stuff before,
it's not as easy as just pip install this thing.
It's a little bit trickier than that.
Also, the core runtime and built-in types
have been compressed to only including C-level type structs
for as much as possible.
So that's shrunken the size of it.
Not by a lot, but it's so small that, you know,
losing kilobytes actually makes a difference,
which is a pretty interesting way to think about it
'cause we don't worry about the size varying
by kilobytes in CPython.
- Right.
- Then there's a bunch of small changes
like Bluetooth low energy changes, SSL settings.
By the way, SSL is way harder over there
than you would imagine it would be.
There's a bunch of different ports, like the ESP32
is the one that I've worked with.
And so for each of the different ports that it goes through,
there's sort of a summary of how has it changed for that one.
And I'd also like to just remind people,
while this is awesome for embedded devices,
you might think, ah, I don't do small chip programming,
So it doesn't matter to me.
You also might be interested in PyScript, right?
And so one of the things that they're trying to do
is work to get MicroPython to be one
of the possible foundations, the runtimes
and WebAssembly for PyScript.
And when this thing is 100K or 75K, whatever it is,
all of a sudden, you can run PyScript in the browser
nearly on par with JavaScript.
Traditional PyScript used the full CPython,
at least as much as you can get into WebAssembly,
which has meant a 10 meg download
and then in the browser,
I had to parse and start up that whole thing.
If that goes to MicroPython,
that becomes incredibly fast to download 75K.
That's like JavaScript size.
So all these changes are not just like,
I don't do this embedded device programming,
so it's not for me.
It may well be for all of us soon,
instead of JavaScript, which is very exciting.
So there are many changes, like,
Ryan, see the scroll bar size
as I'm going through this list?
I am not gonna go through them, but if you care,
I just wanna point out,
like, there's a massive new release of MicroPython.
You can go and see what's changed for the different ports,
and then in the core, right, like, there's just,
I don't know how many pages that is,
but it's many, many, many pages.
So check out the linked release notes
from the MicroPython team.
Congrats to them as well, Damian, George, and others.
- Yeah, this is really cool.
I love to see that basically also
that the project is continuing
and we all benefit from Python-enabled devices and stuff
and people can invent new things better.
And yeah, the internet of things being in Python
is better than having a different language.
- Absolutely.
Also, just wanna, you know,
sort of a time travel sort of thing as well.
I think Matt sent this over quite a while ago
and it's been sort of on our list.
I finally pulled it off our list and made it a topic.
So this is from end of April.
It's a couple months old, but still, you know,
almost a year's worth of work is worth celebrating,
even if it's, you know, a couple months later.
- Yeah, pretty cool.
- All right, ready for our last topic?
- Yeah, bring it on.
- I wanted to just, so I'm, I don't,
I shouldn't even qualify this.
I was gonna say I'm not a sucker for listicles,
but I kinda am.
So this is an article called
Advanced Python Tips for Development.
But when I was reading it,
so this is by Schofield-Iden, Idenhen.
And when I was reading it, there's 15 tips,
And some of them don't really seem that advanced.
Like the top one, use list comprehensions.
Okay, you should do that.
But there's a few that I wanted to point out
that I thought were,
that I just wanted reminders of to use it more often.
So list comprehensions are awesome.
And I kind of forget that they aren't obvious to people now
because I've been using them for so long.
So they're great.
But one of the things, the next step,
so tip one is use list comprehensions.
Tip two is leverage generator expressions
for memory efficiency.
And I don't use generator expressions enough,
and I think I should.
And one of the cool things about this article
is it shows side by side,
a list comprehension and a generator expression.
And they look identical,
except for there's brackets versus parentheses.
So parentheses, yeah, parens.
And I kind of forget about generator expressions.
So generator expressions, are list comprehensions
not generators?
I thought they were.
- No, no.
Well, one, the list comprehension executes it
all into memory.
And then the generator one, you have to start,
you know, iterating through it to create it,
which it's cool that they're so similar,
but I'm sure it's caused unknown,
untold amounts of challenges for people to go,
They look the same.
You can do both.
It doesn't seem to matter until it really matters.
You know?
- Yeah.
And also it's not, I mean,
you can, when you get used to list comprehensions,
generate expressions kind of looks like a tuple expression.
- Yeah.
Well, and then you put curly braces on it
and it becomes a set comprehension.
- Yeah.
The grant reminded us that.
Don't forget set comprehensions.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Okay.
So let's hop down.
The enumerate function, this is just take advantage
of the enumerate function.
This is just remember to teach people that are coming
from C or other for I equals one to 10 sort of languages
that enumerates around.
So if you need the index also use enumerate,
don't be a dork and get the length of a list.
- Counter equals one.
- For I equals one to length of list.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Don't do that.
Also enumerate can, if you need it to be a,
So enumerate does zero through whatever.
If you need it to be one through whatever,
you can give it a start.
Enumerate takes a starting point,
so you can make it start at one if you need it.
- Right, if you're working with indexes,
the default is good, but if you're trying to print
thing one, thing two, thing three,
then start equals one is the way to go,
instead of index plus one. - Yeah, or if you're using it
to get into some other data structure or something.
Anyway, I'm gonna hop down to,
So that's true, hop down to five,
which is the zip function.
And I just, so zip is great for parallel iterating
through parallel lists.
And you can do more than,
this is showing name and age as two different lists
and going through them.
My tip is just practice this several times
and unfrequently if you need it,
because this was a hard one to pound into my brain
is to remember how zip works because it's not that confusing
but it's tripped me up for some reason.
And it's not, so you'll take several lists
and it just makes, if you zip them,
you end up with a, what is it?
A list of tuples or some sort of iterable,
I don't know if it's an actual list,
in the iterable of tuples that you can pull out
different parts of it or something.
And then you can, in this example,
it says for name/age,
so that's unpacking it after you get it.
And it works great, I just always forget to use it.
So a good reminder.
And then I'm now I'm gonna jump down to my 12,
one of the things 12, but eight is kind of funny
'cause it's a formatting problem, but anyway,
use counters, counters are good.
12 is, what is 12?
Oh, one of the things, 11 is decorate, use decorate,
decorate functions with static method and class method.
I just hardly ever do this.
Do you use static method or class method that much, Michael?
- Yeah, quite a bit actually.
- Oh really, okay.
- Yeah.
- And I guess one of the neat things,
yeah, anyway, I just don't use it much.
Maybe I'll try to explore where I can use it more often.
The number 12 is use slots to reduce memory usage.
And I kind of forget to do this too.
So this is a good reminder to use slots when you're--
and this is great, especially if you know ahead of time what--
your classes aren't going to add new data as it goes on.
Or it's not going to be--
>>That could be dynamically generating new fields.
>>And I guess here, I just use the adders.
So anyway.
>>Yeah, it's worth pointing out that slots don't just
reduced memory, they also make attribute access faster.
So like thing dot field,
getting and setting that value is also faster with slots.
- Okay.
Yeah, that is, it's good to remember.
Anyway, some fun tips.
14, use pytest.
It says use unit test or pytest.
Ignore the first part, use pytest.
And-- - There's a typo there,
is that what you're saying?
- There's some typos.
So use unit test or take out the unit test or,
and also it says for unit testing,
just automated testing,
just for all your automated testing,
not just unit testing.
- Yeah.
- Well, those are our topics.
Do you wanna talk about some extras, Michael?
- I do have some.
So I feel like, Brian, it's not time for a joke yet,
but there's a pretty good joke on that page
we might have to come back to.
- Well, do you want to just explore it now?
- No, not yet, not yet.
- We can do it later.
Okay.
- Let's do it later.
All right.
So, you know, people have different faces, Brian.
You know, sometimes you got your sort of like neutral face.
You got your happy face, you got your sad face.
How about your hugging face?
What's your hugging face look like?
So there's this project created by Augustine.
I pull it up here, the source code's linked at the bottom,
by Agustin Pekeres, or Agus, as his friends call him,
sent in, "Hey, I was looking to play
"with the Hugging Face API."
And so I'm like, "Well, what could I work with?
"What if I turn a large language model
"or semantic search loose on Talk Python to me
"in their transcripts?"
That's cool, huh?
- Yeah.
- So he created this project,
you got to go and get a free Hugging Face API token
because it uses Hugging Face.
I was joking around.
But this says you can ask a question.
For example, what's my advanced options?
I can see how many things I could get back.
Let's make that 10.
Keep it focused, folks.
Come on.
So you can go things and say, who uses
MicroPython in production, for example.
I can type that into the search field,
and I can say submit.
And sometimes it takes a second,
sometimes it's pretty quick.
We're gonna see what we get.
As a little running character,
although they can't choose their sport.
It's like rowing and then swimming
and then it's running and then it's biking.
That's what they're like on,
here we go. - What's a,
it's like a decathlon.
- I guess you're right.
And so here comes the answer back.
It says over on Talk Python,
you should check out PyScript powered by MicroPython.
And MicroPython plus CircuitPython,
you might be thinking, well, it's just searching titles,
but then empowering developers by embedding Python
by Nina Zacharenko, and then this weird one by Brian
called 30 Amazing Python Projects and so on,
or even the year in review.
Isn't that cool?
- That is neat.
- So if you wanna play with this stuff,
either because you wanna build a thing like this
for something else, or you wanna just go
like ask questions about DocPython,
you can go and check out this app.
The source code is linked at the bottom.
- I guess another comment that maybe it's a good idea
to have some transcripts for people to be able
to use as search.
- Yeah, exactly.
We didn't have transcripts.
We wouldn't be able to do this cool project, right?
So yeah, excellent.
So that's one.
And yeah, that's it for me for my extras.
You got any?
- Yeah, one, I just wanted to, I guess,
remind people that Python people is a thing.
Python people is a new podcast and episode three is out with the Brett Cannon.
And the, one of the comments,
I one of the quotes from him is I came for the language,
but I stayed for the community. We explore that. And,
what was the situation when he, when he talked about that? And,
and we talked about a whole bunch of stuff like what is the meaning of back
baking and to, things like that. So check it out.
Then, oh, nice.
I'd forgotten to, for people listening,
I had forgotten to actually show the episode on the--
- I could go back and search stock Python again for this
and see if we find Python people.
You would find a ton of Brett Cannon over there
and we have an episode for him coming up very soon.
But, let's switch it over to yours.
- Next, I didn't, there's a, oh, that's the wrong thing.
Oh.
Oh, I deleted the thing I wanted to talk about.
So I guess that's it from Extras for me.
- It's gone from the internet.
- It is gone.
So.
- I have a joke for us.
- Okay.
Well, let's, before we can do the joke,
we didn't do any sponsors.
One of the sponsors of course is Python People,
or it's us, but I'd like people to check it out.
We have like maybe three listeners so far.
No, it's bigger than that, but I'd like it to grow.
I also wanted to give a shout out to everybody on Patreon.
So if you go to any of Python Bytes pages,
especially ones without any advertising,
like today's or episode 343,
you can see Become a Patreon and you can click on it
and become a member and help support the show for a buck.
That's great.
I also wanted to give a shout out
to all of the amazing courses at Talk Python Training.
Michael has done a great job,
plus pulling in amazing other people to teach courses,
like me, at Talk Python Training.
There's some great stuff, so check it out.
- Thanks, Brian.
Yeah, I got some new courses coming
from some really awesome people.
All right, onto the joke.
Onto the joke.
So this one is a meme somebody put together.
Through, I have two jokes here
that we can even do the third joke
that you had on screen a little bit ago.
So HTMX, if you're all familiar with HTMX,
if you're not, you should definitely check out
our HTMX and Flask course.
This thing is so awesome.
I had so much fun learning it and I'm like,
where's the next project I can use HTMX on
because it's great.
The idea with HTMX is instead of doing JavaScript,
you just write attributes and then that magically
through HTMX gets turned into server calls.
Like if I need to rebuild a table
as somebody interacts with some other part of the page
that could just be done on the server
and just send little fragments back.
It's incredible, right?
So it means you don't have to write JavaScript.
So the joke is, there's a guy who's back in dev
and then this other dude that's HTMX says,
Htmx says, look at me, look at me back in dev.
You're full stack now, you're full stack.
Stand up for yourself, man.
Don't let those, don't feel like you can only write it
back in code, you're full stack now, Htmx.
(laughing)
That good?
- Yeah.
- The other joke, before we get to the one
that you had on the page is,
what is happening to Twitter?
How did a child try to rebrand this?
It is so incredibly bad.
- No, it's like branded by a high school band.
- It's so bad.
- Let's call ourselves X, that'd be so cool, man.
- Yeah, man.
And so like, for example, people might be thinking,
I go, you're overreacting.
They tried to take the Twitter logo down
and replace it with an X,
and then the police came and stopped them
'cause they didn't have the Twitter employees doing it,
didn't have a permit to drive a crane around downtown San
Francisco.
So it's like half the Twitter logo is like half removed.
There's no X nor their Twitter.
It says tweet.
I'm on twitter.com, but there's an X.
But sometimes, what do you call these?
Are there supposed to be Xs?
Usually Xs is kind of a bad--
I mean, it's just like--
And if you share another one, is it a re-X?
- Yes, exactly.
And there's some random person who has X
as a handle on Twitter.
And they're like, "Oh, what's going on?
Am I gonna be like Twitter?"
I heard that they don't, I don't know for sure on this one,
but they don't seem to have the intellectual property rights
to trademark the letter X.
- Well, you can't.
- And, I know.
And this X looks like, I think the X11 logo.
If you go look at that, I think that was the one.
It's like a thick right slanty versus a thin left slanty,
which is, you know, one's hollow, one's solid.
Other than that, they're kind of, anyway, there's,
well, that's sort of a meta joke.
- On the good side, current employees
and those that are laid off are all ex-employees now.
- Exactly, look at all the people that work for Twitter now.
- They're all ex-employees.
- All right, so that was just,
because this came from Twitter,
I'm gonna open up like, wow, this is getting janky.
- It's ex-news, so it has to be part of our extras.
- Absolutely does, all right.
Do you wanna just give a quick shout out
to what was on that page before?
- So what were you referring to?
only valid measurement of code quality. WTFs per minute.
>> Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. WTFs per minute.
>> It's true.
>> Oh, that's the...
>> Yeah.
>> You need the full one.
>> Oh, wow.
>> I lost it now. It was an ad. It was an ad.
>> Yeah.
>> It was a code review and behind the door, you could just hear WTF. What WTF?
And the good code only had a couple. The bad code was just like,
overwhelmed with them. That was the joke.
>> Yeah.
- Yeah. - All right.
Well, this episode was no joke.
It was a lot of fun.
Thanks, Brian.
- Thank you.
And thanks everybody for showing up at a weird time.
I really appreciate it.
It's great.
So, talk to you later.
- Bye. - Bye.